hey everybody today grotto runs through
the heidelberger spiel verilog stand at
essen germany now this is a really
interesting stand normally there is a
line around the block to get into this
place but it's near the end of the day
so the line is really short so I said
what tech let's jump in and give you an
idea of what this is like because like I
said I mean this is just wall-to-wall
crazy crazy cheap prices on games for
instance here is sneaks and snitches 295
3 euros for a blotter to bottle game one
of the most popular designs in the world
here's a game of his for three euros
samaria three pounds another euros
really good game let's see let's just
keep on moving as you can see all day
long there is just a human train you
know just non-stop it wraps all the way
around here people wait for quite a
while to get in just to be able to buy
all these strings obscure games you've
probably never heard of I've don't know
unter gearing 45 euros
see it's just crazy oh no mrs. avin door
that's an excellent game that should be
not cheap that should be really
expensive
how much does that cost assuming
I can't zoom in let's try
okay 10 10 euros that's reasonable pets
it's better than 10 euros but still Oh
mate storm sorry hi people think I'm
very strange
but that's okay
I saw that how much is that 15 euros
from age storm now that's actually
pretty big deal and ragama this was this
was last s and I think this is a fairly
and cosmonauts actually this is
supposedly very good I've never played
it but i'm not buying i'm not buying i
bought too much already
this is Arnie everybody he just saved my
life getting all my games to the or
helping me get all my boxes full of
games to the post office I would I would
been him helpless without him and we got
back we just saw let's just jump in
let's take a look let's see what else we
got over here oh wow a rune bound what
is that what expansion rune bounds out
of print
I'm curious
but it's a german version so yeah but
still that's that's rare
it's lots in German island which
expansion it is but yeah it's been out
to Prince Ferg the what the face game oh
and the base game there too I wonder how
much that is why are people buying it
root bound is also i did a video for
that new das long ago ah I see oh my
goodness sorry folks i just did this on
a whim because i thought of you kind of
stinks he Oh quest for middle-earth
Spartacus ok we are getting I get but
looks like it gets more expensive the
further we go there was Spartacus 420
there's a goalie piraten 415
conan konstantopoulos 425 okay the bag
is this battles him to pull in my
goodness how much is this for 25 that
seems like a lot of game for 25 euros
people can tell me if that's a good deal
or not oh and now I think here at the
end we get to the actual modern games
there's the new carcassonne there's sin
su Qi there's Russian railroads let's
see how those do I remember i bought Sen
su Qi earlier today at a regular stand
for 28 and
sorry 2425 so a few much cheaper than
the average store as you can see we are
almost at the end of our ride looks like
there's some real blowout stuff over
there and we're almost escaped and I
made it without buying anything
congratulate me everybody thanks for
watching this very quick rato
run-through of a Essen tradition real
like I like running the Bulls in pine
cone is running the heidelberger speed
over log stand ok talk to you later
everybody and have a good day buh-bye